fix(curriculum): update design quiz and review (#58398)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-design-fundamentals/66ed901ff45ce3ece4053eba.md

#### --distractors--

To ensure everyone is aware of the project's social media strategy

---

To finalize the color palette and design elements

---

To determine the project's marketing budget

#### --answer--

To confirm that all stakeholders agree on the project's objectives and requirements

### --question--

#### --text--

What is considered bad practice when implementing infinite scroll?

#### --distractors--

Allowing users to jump to a page or section through the navbar or a pagination drop down menu

---

Adding a load more indicator or symbol after a certain point in the page along with the infinite scroll

---

Integrating a footer reveal at the bottom

#### --answer--

Not adding alternative methods of navigating the page

### --question--

#### --text--

> What are best practices when designing progress indicators for forms?

Author: ```suggestion
Which of the following is a best practice when designing progress indicators for forms?
```
Bit verbose, but better?

> What are best practices when designing progress indicators for forms?

Reviewer: Ja, that is clearer to me. 👍
